Add draft true to frontmatter/index.md (#192)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/writing-guide/front-matter/index.md

   Ideally, use single terms as opposed to phrases.

`draft: true`

> :  When present, this option prevents a page from being published on the documentation website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:  When present, this option prevents Hugo from rendering the content.  Use the command line flag `--buildDrafts` to generate content marked as `draft: true`.
```
